Brother, you've been busy all night
What did Hongxiu girl write in her letter?
Related to Sun Qian
What do you mean?
The letter said that during the Lantern Festival last year
Sun Qian took a fancy to a girl
Take advantage of the crowd
He went up to her.
Someone also wounded the woman's servant
Humph
Pretty spicy
It smells so good.
Ahaha
Ah!
But the unexpected thing is
This girl turned out to be Zuo Yuner, Marquis Zuo's first daughter
Zuo Yuner immediately
Run to Zuo Wuhou and cry
Dad, dad
What's going on?
lose money
Father, you have to make decisions for your daughter
Losing money again
Come and call for nothing
The old man wants to attack and destroy the saint
I'll do it now.
After that, Marquis Zuo Wu complained to His Majesty
His Majesty was furious
Feng Lu, who punished Sun Li for one year, was also beaten 30 times
Warning next time
severe punishment
The emperor, Sun Qian
No king, no law, no international
Take advantage of the Lantern Festival to bully the daughter of the old minister
Please ask the emperor to make the decision for my minister
What's the point of someone coming to give him 30% responsibility?
Strict punishment
Your Majesty is safe, Your Majesty is safe
Your Majesty, please forgive me.
No more. No more.
This
Your Majesty, then I know I was wrong
Your Majesty, I know I was wrong
The courage in front of the Supreme is really big
Even Marquis Zuowu's daughter was moved
It seems that we are indeed having a hard time moving him
I don't think so.
Do you have any countermeasures
Kidnapping the daughter of the Marquis of Zuowu
Then frame it
Is this possible?
In terms of the power of the Sun family
At best, it's another small punishment and a big punishment
Yeah, kidnapping can't destroy the Sun family
The ledger can't be broken
But what about the two in one?
Don't forget
The Sun family has accumulated grievances in the court for a long time
Just missing a fuse
And if we are at a critical moment
Ignite the fuse of Zuo Wuhou
Plus giving the ledger to the right people at the right time
His Majesty originally meant this as well
This time the Sun family will hum